README.md, before:


# <img align="left" src="/app/resources/res/mipmap-xxxhdpi-v4/ic_launcher.png" height=50 width=50/><p align="left">Fluid Navigation Gesture (FNG)</p>

## About:
   Since the app is no longer maintained by the soul owner we continuing the legacy unofficially.

## What's New:

 >version 3.0

- Updated SDK from `OREO 8.1 to Android 13.`
- Option to `Hide App icon.`
- Unsymmetrical division in the Number of Actions.
- Remove all permission (No internet permission required to run the app, which means your data is not going anywhere.);
- Integrating Dynamic Notch Cutout Gesture [Example → PlayStore](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.dynamic.notifications);
- Integrating Circle Sidebar Gesture [Example → PlayStore](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.zeeshan.circlesidebar);
- Change Bug Report Link.

 >Known Issues:

- Bug with One UI 4.1: Where hint to adjust the Location and Size are not visible.

<img align="center" src="/Preview 2.png" />

### 👉🏼 [Click Here to View Prototype](https://www.figma.com/proto/mBgc3PmCIkM0hG3isAGR6p/Fluid-Navigation-Gesture?node-id=4%3A2&scaling=scale-down&page-id=0%3A1&starting-point-node-id=4%3A2) 👈🏼  
>⭐ Recommended: Use Figma App for best experience.

## Requirements:

### 1. [Android Studio  <img src="Android Studio Icon.png" height=24 width=24 />](https://developer.android.com/studio)

### 2. [SDK](https://developer.android.com/studio/releases/platforms)
    
You can Download sources SDK from [here]() manualy. Folder Contain SDK from Andriod 5.0 ~ Andriod 13 lastest as `'.zip'`. Paste the File in the below directory

     Location C:\Users\{AdminName}\AppData\Local\Android\Sdk

Selected Download [Click Here]().

### 3. Install [Gradle <img src="gradle.png" height="25" width="107" />](https://gradle.org/)
 - [Release](https://gradle.org/releases/)
 - [Github Page](https://github.com/gradle/gradle)
 
 Installation Directory
 
    C:\Users\{Admin Name}\.gradle\wrapper\dists\gradle-7.3.3-bin\6a41zxkdtcxs8rphpq6y0069z
 
## - Contributer's: 
>Contact me if your are a app developer

Commit message:

Discussion link updated + First Glance

README.md, after:


# <img align="left" src="/app/resources/res/mipmap-xxxhdpi-v4/ic_launcher.png" height=50 width=50/><p align="left">Fluid Navigation Gesture (FNG)</p>

## About:
   Since the app is no longer maintained by the soul owner we continuing the legacy unofficially.

## What's New:

 >version 3.0

- Updated SDK from `OREO 8.1 to Android 13.`
- Option to `Hide App icon.`
- Unsymmetrical division in the Number of Actions.
- Remove all permission (No internet permission is required to run the app, which means your data is not going anywhere.);
- Integrating Dynamic Notch Cutout Gesture [Example → PlayStore](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.dynamic.notifications);
- Integrating Circle Sidebar Gesture [Example → PlayStore](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.zeeshan.circlesidebar);
- Change Bug Report Link.

 >Known Issues:

- Bug with One UI 4.1: Where hints to adjust the Location and Size are not visible.

  
## DemoPreview:

<p align="center"> 👉🏼 First Glance 👈🏼 </p>
![First Glance](https://github.com/Coolboyrajat/Fluid-Navigation-Gesture/assets/67316346/35a57b2c-0447-4805-9c5f-58582ebb0d43)

 
## - Contributor's: 
>Contact me if you are an app developer

[<img src="https://assets-global.website-files.com/6257adef93867e50d84d30e2/636e0b5493894cf60b300587_full_logo_white_RGB.svg" height='50' width='150' />](https://discord.gg/XyXSrNU5TN)
